docs: Enhance documentation for device trees and kernel building on ARM and… (#29)
BredOS/wiki: orangepi-5.md

| Orange Pi 5 Plus  | ✔️        |              |
| Orange Pi 5 Pro   | ❌        |              |
| Orange Pi 5 Max   | ❌        |              |

> Note: The Orange Pi 5 and 5B uses rk3588s, while the 5 Plus to 5 Max uses rk3588(which have more I/Os)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The Orange Pi 5 and 5B use RK3588s, while the 5 Plus and 5 Max use RK3588 (which have more PCIe lanes available)
```

Reviewer 2: Doesnt the 5pro also use the s chip variant

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: The Orange Pi 5, 5B and 5 Pro use RK3588S, while the 5 Plus and 5 Max use RK3588 (which have more PCIe and mipi lanes available)
```
